bin/export/moment_tensor/README.markdown, before:

# Moment Tensor Code
*Contributors: Frank Vernon (FLV), Rob Newman (RLN), Juan Reyes (JCR), Gert-Jan van den Hazel (GJV)*

### CAVEAT:
This project is in __HIGH FLUX__. It is also extremely messy right now, as we translate
the series of C, Shell, Fortran, SAC and ASCII files into a uniform Python library.
The current state should __NOT BE__ viewed as representative of the final codebase!


### Moment tensor integration into BRTT Antelope Datascope using the Python interface to Antelope
Once installed, you run this from the command line:

```bash
dbmoment -v orid
```
where orid is an origin id in your Datascope CSS3.0 schema database

### Dependencies:
You must have the following CSS3.0 schema extensions installed

* moment_tensor_greensfuncs
* moment_tensor_images

These are located in $ANTELOPE_CONTRIB/data/schemas/css3.0.ext
where $ANTELOPE_CONTRIB is your path to the contributed code repository.

### History:

#### Fall 2010
* Initial code review and breakup of tasks. 
* GJV writes dbmoment
* JCR writes Green's functions in Python from Fortran originals
* RLN creates schema extensions to Datascope for Green's functions

#### Spring 2011
* GJV and JCR continue work in Amsterdam on their component parts

#### Summer 2011
* RLN rewrite of dbmoment
* JCR finalize Fortran translation of Green's functions into Python
* Integration of dbmoment with native Python Green's functions

#### Fall 2011
* Work on simplifying code and make as general as possible,
able to handle different Green's functions.
* Create our own local Green's functions

### Comments:
#### 2011-07-29
* dbmoment.py is not currently tethered to the moment tensor Datascope
schema extension __moment_tensor_greensfuncs__
* dbmoment.py uses 4 local files for testing: data1, data2, data3
(the three components) and green (the Greens function, aka synthetic)
* These 4 data files need to be copied to your realtime system
directly and placed in the db/data directory

#### 2011-08-01
* dbmoment.py __is now__ tethered to the moment tensor Datascope schema extensions

#### 2011-11-11
* A week of work with Matt Koes (PGC) to incorporate the PGC
pre-generated Green's functions into our code-base
* Semi-successful: the PGC is not clear on the what each of their
Green's functions blockettes represent

#### 2011-11-21
* Merge Juan's latest branch that has the generalized changes after
Matt's visit
* Work on generalizing the matrix comparisons, and make the db trexcepts
as transparent as possible

#### 2012-02-01
* Matt Koes visiting again from PGC
* Add verbose output plotting of cross-correlation values, including
plotting time-shifted data and the actual cross-correlation
* Move the Greens Function model definition to dbmoment.pf

Commit message:

Add caveat about how Python has changed in contrib and is incompatible with this codebase

bin/export/moment_tensor/README.markdown, after:

# Moment Tensor Code
*Contributors: Frank Vernon (FLV), Rob Newman (RLN), Juan Reyes (JCR), Gert-Jan van den Hazel (GJV)*

### CAVEAT 2:
The whole structure of Python in contrib has changed with the upcoming release of 
Antelope 5.2. None of this code will work in its current form with the latest
incarnation of the Antelope contributed code. Sorry, but you are on your own
if you use the official contrib distribution.

### CAVEAT 1:
This project is in __HIGH FLUX__. It is also extremely messy right now, as we translate
the series of C, Shell, Fortran, SAC and ASCII files into a uniform Python library.
The current state should __NOT BE__ viewed as representative of the final codebase!


### Moment tensor integration into BRTT Antelope Datascope using the Python interface to Antelope
Once installed, you run this from the command line:

```bash
dbmoment -v orid
```
where orid is an origin id in your Datascope CSS3.0 schema database

### Dependencies:
You must have the following CSS3.0 schema extensions installed

* moment_tensor_greensfuncs
* moment_tensor_images

These are located in $ANTELOPE_CONTRIB/data/schemas/css3.0.ext
where $ANTELOPE_CONTRIB is your path to the contributed code repository.

### History:

#### Fall 2010
* Initial code review and breakup of tasks. 
* GJV writes dbmoment
* JCR writes Green's functions in Python from Fortran originals
* RLN creates schema extensions to Datascope for Green's functions

#### Spring 2011
* GJV and JCR continue work in Amsterdam on their component parts

#### Summer 2011
* RLN rewrite of dbmoment
* JCR finalize Fortran translation of Green's functions into Python
* Integration of dbmoment with native Python Green's functions

#### Fall 2011
* Work on simplifying code and make as general as possible,
able to handle different Green's functions.
* Create our own local Green's functions

### Comments:
#### 2011-07-29
* dbmoment.py is not currently tethered to the moment tensor Datascope
schema extension __moment_tensor_greensfuncs__
* dbmoment.py uses 4 local files for testing: data1, data2, data3
(the three components) and green (the Greens function, aka synthetic)
* These 4 data files need to be copied to your realtime system
directly and placed in the db/data directory

#### 2011-08-01
* dbmoment.py __is now__ tethered to the moment tensor Datascope schema extensions

#### 2011-11-11
* A week of work with Matt Koes (PGC) to incorporate the PGC
pre-generated Green's functions into our code-base
* Semi-successful: the PGC is not clear on the what each of their
Green's functions blockettes represent

#### 2011-11-21
* Merge Juan's latest branch that has the generalized changes after
Matt's visit
* Work on generalizing the matrix comparisons, and make the db trexcepts
as transparent as possible

#### 2012-02-01
* Matt Koes visiting again from PGC
* Add verbose output plotting of cross-correlation values, including
plotting time-shifted data and the actual cross-correlation
* Move the Greens Function model definition to dbmoment.pf
